177
View Thomas Hayford’s  graphic link
Thomas HayfordThomas Hayford
   • YouVerified • You
Relationship Manager | Business Automation Partner | Expert in USSD, SMS, and Cloud Solutions | Trusted Technical Partner for Growing BusinessesRelationship Manager | Business Automation Partner | Expert in USSD, SMS, and Cloud Solutions | Trusted Technical Partner for Growing Businesses
2yr •  2 years ago • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn

please share

RemoteliRemoteli
18,480 followers18,480 followers
2yr • Edited •  2 years ago • Edited • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn
🚀 Exciting Opportunity Alert! 🇷🇼

Remoteli is expanding in Africa, and we're making our next big move in Rwanda! 🇷🇼 

We believe in the immense potential and innovation that lies in the heart of the continent, and we want YOU to be a part of our journey.

👩‍💻 Frontend Developers
https://lnkd.in/dpk7e7BD

👨‍💻 Backend Developers
https://lnkd.in/dMtnxnfq

👩‍💻Fullstack Developers 
https://lnkd.in/dAQ7iFCF

🎨 Graphic Designers
https://lnkd.in/dU57stkc

Are you passionate about creating world-class digital experiences? Do you thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative environment? Then we want to hear from you!

Join our dynamic team as we embark on this exciting new chapter. We're committed to empowering local talent, fostering creativity, and building solutions that make a real difference.

At Remoteli, we believe in:
✅ Nurturing creativity and innovation
✅ Emphasising learning and personal growth
✅ Building technology that connects and empowers

If you're a skilled developer or designer looking to make an impact, this is your chance to be part of something big. We offer competitive compensation, professional development, and an opportunity to shape the future of technology in Africa.

🔗 Click the links to apply and learn more about our openings in Rwanda.
…more
Activate to view larger image,
No alternative text description for this image
Activate to view larger image,

Photo of Thomas Hayford

Like

Comment

Repost

Send
This post is not eligible to be boosted. 

