21
View Thomas Hayford’s  graphic link
Thomas HayfordThomas Hayford
   • YouVerified • You
Relationship Manager | Business Automation Partner | Expert in USSD, SMS, and Cloud Solutions | Trusted Technical Partner for Growing BusinessesRelationship Manager | Business Automation Partner | Expert in USSD, SMS, and Cloud Solutions | Trusted Technical Partner for Growing Businesses
7mo •  7 months ago • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn

please share
View Tordzi Vinyo Blaise’s  graphic link
Tordzi Vinyo BlaiseTordzi Vinyo Blaise
 • FollowingFollowing
Human Resource Officer at Zonda Tec Ghana LimitedHuman Resource Officer at Zonda Tec Ghana Limited
7mo •  7 months ago • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn
JOB OPENING!
Light-Duty and Heavy-Duty Auto Mechanics
Summary of Position
Zonda Tec Ghana Limited, a leader in the assembling, sales and servicing of commercial vehicles and machines, is looking for Light Duty and Heavy-Duty Auto Mechanics for permanent employment.
 
Job Description:
Assembling brand new Light duty and heavy duty vehicles and machines.
Inspecting Light Duty and Heavy Duty vehicle engines to diagnose mechanical issues accurately.
Repairing or replacing broken or dysfunctional parts and fixing Light duty and heavy Duty vehicles and machine issues.
Use of various hand tools and diagnostic equipment to assess and fix automobile issues.
Repairing broken down vehicles.
Checking to ensure that newly assembled vehicles are properly assembled and ready for sale.
 
Requirements and Qualifications:
WASSCE/NABTEX/HND in Automobile Engineering.
2 to 4 years working experience in the repair and maintenance of heavy Duty vehicles and machines.
Experience in the servicing of Light Duty or heavy Duty vehicles and machines.
Must be passionate about Vehicles and machines.
Must have the ability to work under pressure with little or no supervision.
Attention to details and accuracy in performing servicing on vehicles.
Good communication skills and the ability to work effectively as part of a team, following instructions and collaborating with coworkers to achieve common goals.
Flexibility and adaptability to work in a dynamic, fast-paced environment, handling multiple tasks and priorities with minimal supervision.
Commitment to safety, cleanliness, and orderliness in the workshop, adhering to safety protocols, sanitation standards, and housekeeping practices.
 
Required Skills:
Safety procedures
Attention to detail
Communication skills
Teamwork
Physical stamina
Problem-solving abilities
Adaptability
 
Salary: Very Very Attractive.
Job Location: Tema and Kasoa.
HOW TO APPLY
Interested applicants should send their CVs to the Email: hr.zonda@gmail.com. Only shortlisted candidates would be contacted.
Call 0551792660 and 0243181512 now please.
…more

No alternative text description for this image

No alternative text description for this image
Activate to view larger image,

Photo of Thomas Hayford

Like

Comment

Repost

Send
30 impressions
View analytics
This post is not eligible to be boosted. 

