191
View Thomas Hayford’s  graphic link
Thomas HayfordThomas Hayford
   • YouVerified • You
Relationship Manager | Business Automation Partner | Expert in USSD, SMS, and Cloud Solutions | Trusted Technical Partner for Growing BusinessesRelationship Manager | Business Automation Partner | Expert in USSD, SMS, and Cloud Solutions | Trusted Technical Partner for Growing Businesses
2yr •  2 years ago • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn

please share
View Franklin A. Nkrumah’s  graphic link
Franklin A. NkrumahFranklin A. Nkrumah
 • 1st1st
Business Development || Tech Enthusiast || Salesforce || Talent Acquisition SpecialistBusiness Development || Tech Enthusiast || Salesforce || Talent Acquisition Specialist
2yr • Edited •  2 years ago • Edited • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn
Field Sales Executive 
To hunt for new businesses and build strong business relationship with assigned existing customers; and to sell internet service and related products to potential customers. 

 DUTIES •
 Qualifies prospects and develop strategies for increasing sales revenue • Acts as day-to-day and central point of contact for assigned customers on technical and business issues • Establishes and maintains strong relationships through close contact, including regular face-to-face meeting, telephone and e-mail communication. • Prospects for new customers and expand customer database to include new customers(i.e. new sales) • Identifies decision-makers within targeted leads to begin sales process • Monitors customer satisfaction and related issues of dissatisfaction. • Maintains, in the company ‘s database, current and accurate information regarding all leads, contacts and prospective customers • Sets own priorities and schedule activities to meet established and set performance objectives or targets. • Develop and manage sales pipelines • Performs any other related duties that may be assigned from time to time.

Qualification Required & Experience • First degree or diploma with a minimum of four years hands-on experience in customer service and Sales roles in the ISP or telecommunications industry. 

COMPETENCIES 
• Thorough Knowledge and understanding of internet service and related products • Strong customer service orientation and ability to develop and maintain relationship. • Strong communication and listening skills, including ability to establish rapport over phone and build credibility quickly. • Strong time management skill • Demonstrated ability to convert prospects and close deal • Demonstrated ability to handle multi-task; take initiative and follow trough • Professional in appearance with solid business acumen. • Ability to cope with time, work and customers’ pressure. 

Location- Tema
Salary - Ghc2500

Send CV`s to fa.nkrumah @ asajobpalace . com
…more

Photo of Thomas Hayford

Like

Comment

Repost

Send
This post is not eligible to be boosted. 

