172
Thomas’ profile photo
Thomas Hayford reposted this

View Kwaku Owusu-Yeboah SPHRi, MCIPS, MGIPS’  graphic link
Kwaku Owusu-Yeboah SPHRi, MCIPS, MGIPSKwaku Owusu-Yeboah SPHRi, MCIPS, MGIPS
 • 2nd2nd
PECB Trainer | MCIPS | Senior Professional in Human Resources - International™ | ISO 20400 Senior Lead Sustainable Procurement Manager | Certified Data Protection Supervisor | Circular Economy Practitioner | ESG TrainerPECB Trainer | MCIPS | Senior Professional in Human Resources - International™ | ISO 20400 Senior Lead Sustainable Procurement Manager | Certified Data Protection Supervisor | Circular Economy Practitioner | ESG Trainer
2yr •  2 years ago • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn

Follow
NABS GROUP is hiring Operations Manager

The Operations Manager will be responsible for overseeing employees in order to make sure that the NABS Group operates according to its vision and goals. She/he will also have overall responsibility for most operational activities and on a daily basis, will be involved in promoting the goals of NABS Group while working towards reducing costs and improving profits. 
For more information: https://lnkd.in/ebCih2AY

Minimum Requirements 
Bachelor’s degree (or its equivalent) in operations management, business administration, or a similar field.
Five or more years of proven success in an operations management role
Strong skills in budget development and oversight.
Excellent ability to delegate responsibilities while maintaining organizational control of operations.
Proficiency in conflict management and business negotiation processes.
Knowledge of business productivity software and an aptitude for learning new applications.
Experience of using search engines and job boards (like LinkedIn, etc), have an established strong candidate network.
Experience in using an Application Tracking System (ATS).
.
How to Apply
Interested and suitable applicants are to forward their detailed Curriculum Vitae (CV) and a one-page cover letter to hrmanager@nabsgroupgh.com with your name and the title of the role as the subject. If you do not receive feedback in two (2) weeks after the deadline, please consider your application unsuccessful.

NABS Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity. All qualified candidates regardless of age, sex, ethnicity, race, and religion are encouraged to apply.
 
Closing Date: 25th August 2023
…more
Activate to view larger image,
No alternative text description for this image
Activate to view larger image,
with Maxwell Appiah and 2 others
like
41
2 comments
17 reposts

Photo of Thomas Hayford

Like

Comment

Repost

Send
This post is not eligible to be boosted. 

