152
Thomas’ profile photo
Thomas Hayford reposted this

View William Geraldo, MCCL, SPHR’s  graphic link
William Geraldo, MCCL, SPHRWilliam Geraldo, MCCL, SPHR
   • 1stVerified • 1st
HR-PRO|| Talent Development (L&D) || Business Strategist || Writer.HR-PRO|| Talent Development (L&D) || Business Strategist || Writer.
1yr •  1 year ago • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn
What An Incredible Achievement!🥳

I'm thrilled to share that our first-ever Learning and Development Week (August 27th-30th, 2024) was a resounding success. 
It took dedication, late nights, and teamwork, but we pulled it off!

Leading this initiative, and knowing it aligns with our broader goals of creating a culture where learning is continuous, engaging, and makes a real difference, I was determined to get it right and make a lasting impact.

 My mentor Alejandro Ramirez Mayorga , was instrumental in nudging me forward. Thanks so much, Ale! 🙏

And with my one and only People Enabler, and Head of People & Development, Maataa Safoa Boakye, SPHRi™️ , we secured leadership buy-in and a solid budget.

I'm grateful to my colleagues in the People and Development Department- you're awesome. 😊🥂

Also, I am grateful to all Line Managers, Team leaders, SBAs, and BAs for their collaboration and hard work. Together, we made this happen!

While there were challenges, they've become valuable lessons for future growth. At Remoteli, people development is non-stop – we must "LEARN, UPSKILL, EXCEL!" 📚

If you're inspired by our story, know that you can replicate this success. 
I'm eager to share our blueprint with fellow HR Professionals, L&D enthusiasts and People & Development Practitioners.

Let's keep fostering a culture of continuous learning!💡
…more

No alternative text description for this image

No alternative text description for this image

No alternative text description for this image

No alternative text description for this image
Activate to view larger image,
with Fedelia Neequaye and 4 others
likecelebratelove
61
6 comments
9 reposts

Photo of Thomas Hayford

like
Like

Comment

Repost

Send
This post is not eligible to be boosted. 

