213
View Thomas Hayford’s  graphic link
Thomas HayfordThomas Hayford
   • YouVerified • You
Relationship Manager | Business Automation Partner | Expert in USSD, SMS, and Cloud Solutions | Trusted Technical Partner for Growing BusinessesRelationship Manager | Business Automation Partner | Expert in USSD, SMS, and Cloud Solutions | Trusted Technical Partner for Growing Businesses
2yr •  2 years ago • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn

please share.

JAYJOBS CONNECTJAYJOBS CONNECT
51,943 followers51,943 followers
2yr •  2 years ago • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn
Job Title: General Manager
Our client is an Electro-Mechanical company dealing in the sales and servicing of pumps and its accessories as well as the manufacturing electrical control panels.

Responsibilities;
·      Oversee day-to-day operations.
·      Plans and organizes daily activities related to production and operations.
·      Design strategy and set goals for growth.
·      Oversee sales and for creating a high performance and sales team.
·      Maintain budgets and optimize expenses.
·      Evaluate and improve operations and financial performance.
·      Direct the employee assessment process.
·      Coordinates with other support department such as human resources, finance and other department to ensure successful operations decisions.
·      Oversees the shipping and receiving functions.
·      Coordinates with marketing and sales departments to determine pricing, timing and number of sales promotions and products to be sold.
·      Determine labor needs to meet production goals.


Requirements;
·      Master’s degree with Electro-Mechanical background; M.B.A is an advantage
·      Ten years of experience in managerial role.
·      Proven knowledge in sales management.
·      Proven knowledge in financial management.
·      Excellent managerial and supervisory skills
·      Proven experience in sales management
·      Excellent written and verbal communication skills
·      Extensive knowledge of operations and production management
·      Ability to interpret financial data as needed to set production goals.


Interested
Send your CV to careers@compactibleskills.com.
…more

Photo of Thomas Hayford

Like

Comment

Repost

Send
This post is not eligible to be boosted. 

