28
View Thomas Hayford’s  graphic link
Thomas HayfordThomas Hayford
   • YouVerified • You
Relationship Manager | Business Automation Partner | Expert in USSD, SMS, and Cloud Solutions | Trusted Technical Partner for Growing BusinessesRelationship Manager | Business Automation Partner | Expert in USSD, SMS, and Cloud Solutions | Trusted Technical Partner for Growing Businesses
7mo •  7 months ago • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn

This is so interesting and yes truth be told, nobody dies if a property line is off by 10 cm, but you can design a medical device that goes inside someone’s body more easily than become a licensed land surveyor! This gem of a line truly got me 😆.

Following the discussions, it's wild to hear about Canada's "dying discipline" in Land Surveying. From my humble view, it looks like a high-tech field begging for fresh talent! And honestly, "calculus for bush work"? Sounds like a fun challenge!

My modest proposal though. Hi Carina Butterworth

 1. Fund international students to attract diverse talents. We're keen!

 2. Fund more international students who have a LOT to prove. We're driven, resourceful, and often making huge personal investments already. The opportunity to fill a critical skills gap in a vibrant economy is a massive draw in itself. We're ready to show what we can do!

 3. Fund them even the more! 😂😆 Seriously, even without massive funding, the sheer opportunity and potential for a stable, impactful career are powerful motivators for global talent.
…more
View Jonathan Murphy’s  graphic link
Jonathan MurphyJonathan Murphy
   • FollowingPremium • Following
Advancing Canadian geomatics | Founder | Conference organizer | AdvisorAdvancing Canadian geomatics | Founder | Conference organizer | Advisor
7mo •  7 months ago • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn
"Honestly, it’s easier to get a PhD than to become a land surveyor in Canada." -Carina Butterworth

Thank you Carina for your honesty and leadership in this important conversation. Your insights into the surveying workforce crisis in Canada are essential reading for anyone in our sector.

We are exploring these issues and more at the National Geomatics Expo in Calgary this fall. This is a national conversation, and we need industry at the table to help move the needle on education, training, and workforce development. https://lnkd.in/g2kVNfHT

hashtag#geomatics hashtag#surveying hashtag#geospatial hashtag#workforcedevelopment hashtag#GoGeomatics hashtag#Canada hashtag#landsurveyor
…more

Canada’s Surveying Workforce Crisis: SAIT’s Carina Butterworth on Fixing the Pipeline - GoGeomatics
gogeomatics.ca
like
3
3 comments

Photo of Thomas Hayford

like
Like

Comment

Repost

Send
187 impressions
View analytics
This post is not eligible to be boosted. 

