238
View Thomas Hayford’s  graphic link
Thomas HayfordThomas Hayford
   • YouVerified • You
Relationship Manager | Business Automation Partner | Expert in USSD, SMS, and Cloud Solutions | Trusted Technical Partner for Growing BusinessesRelationship Manager | Business Automation Partner | Expert in USSD, SMS, and Cloud Solutions | Trusted Technical Partner for Growing Businesses
2yr •  2 years ago • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn

Indeed! Action speaks louder than words. This is actually funny. 😂
View Andy Dlamini’s  graphic link
Andy DlaminiAndy Dlamini
 • 3rd+3rd+
Learning Partner | People and CultureLearning Partner | People and Culture
2yr •  2 years ago • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn

Follow
A group of friends and I shared a chuckle over this letter, however, working within Human Resources/Human Capital/People & Culture/People Experience teams we took a moment to discuss the employees experience from onboarding to exit.

Long gone are the days where HR/HC/P&C/PE teams were associated with hiring and firing as well as processes. As much as everyone has a role to play in building the organisation culture, we are the custodians and play a major role in shaping the employee experience.

In order for us to shape this experience, we need to practice this within our immediate teams and become ambassadors within the business. Our doors should be open for employees to have conversations with us about their experience.

With the ever changing work environment, stress levels have increased and we are seeing more employees suffer from burn out. Leading with empathy is an invaluable skill for effective leadership. Leading with empathy will allow leaders to establish meaningful connections with others, establish trust and forge strong relationships. This in turn also allows leaders to respond effectively to the needs of their staff members be it through motivation, general support or comfort in times of need.

A great employee experience will result in increased productivity, reduced turnover and increased employee satisfaction. Let us see less of these resignations as we foster environments where our people matter :)

hashtag#peopleexperience hashtag#peopleandculture hashtag#thoughtfultuesday hashtag#leadership
…more
Activate to view larger image,
text, letter
Activate to view larger image,

Photo of Thomas Hayford

Like

Comment

Repost

Send
This post is not eligible to be boosted. 

