149
View Thomas Hayford’s  graphic link
Thomas HayfordThomas Hayford
   • YouVerified • You
Relationship Manager | Business Automation Partner | Expert in USSD, SMS, and Cloud Solutions | Trusted Technical Partner for Growing BusinessesRelationship Manager | Business Automation Partner | Expert in USSD, SMS, and Cloud Solutions | Trusted Technical Partner for Growing Businesses
1yr •  1 year ago • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn

It's a big goal, but it might be a bit of a stretch.
View Yaw Kissi’s  graphic link
Yaw KissiYaw Kissi
 • 1st1st
Strategy & Policy Analyst | Finance, Supply Chain & Institutional Systems | Pan-African Political Economy | Public Writer & SpeakerStrategy & Policy Analyst | Finance, Supply Chain & Institutional Systems | Pan-African Political Economy | Public Writer & Speaker
1yr • Edited •  1 year ago • Edited • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn
The 12 visions of Nana Kwame Bediako Cheddar for Ghana 

1. Run a government of only 12 ministers!

2. Raise $50 billion by monetizing Ghanaian citizenship. People will invest in return for Ghana passport. 

3. Print our own monies, have a borderless continent for trade and investment & unify Africa as one 

 4. Change SSNIT into National Insurance Fund; contributors can go for their monies at any time 

5. Create National Sovereign Wealth Fund to replace IMF; no more borrowing 

6. Construct Ghana’s first water transportation & a 8000KM of railway line across the country 

7. Build a food and gold reserve to serve Ghanan for the next 100 years! 

8. Make Ghana a tech hub, build a nuclear power plant and construct a renewable energy infrastructure 

9. Change the curriculum by leveraging on skills that turn students into entrepreneurs and not job seekers 

10. All our mineral resources put on a blockchain to prevent galamsey

11. Build a National WEB3 platform, and migrate all statutory and national data to a blockchain platform to curb corruption 

12. Build Hollywood studios, help artistes own their catalogues, musicians earning reasonable royalties and owning the distribution and recording platforms!


Your thoughts ??
…more
Activate to view larger image,
No alternative text description for this image
Activate to view larger image,

Photo of Thomas Hayford

Like

Comment

Repost

Send
123 impressions
View analytics
This post is not eligible to be boosted. 

